undefinedHonesty is the best policy.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
No man was ever wise by chance.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
You give before you get.
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never.
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage.
Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family.
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.
In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both.
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship.
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
They can do all because they think they can.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it.
Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side.
A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
God always takes the simplest way.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Don’t sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Once you label me you negate me.
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist.
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
undefinedThat old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
Well begun is half done.
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time.
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise.
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
Everything you can imagine is real.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
You always succeed in producing a result.
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Get busy living or get busy dying.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive!
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Only do what your heart tells you.
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
The great myth of our times is that technology is communication.
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Skill to do comes of doing.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come.
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
You'll see it when you believe it.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
You cannot have what you do not want.
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public.
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
You should ignore that person’s impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That’s how to get rid of resentment for that person.
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
